"filename","dense","short","short_no_color"
"img_1.png","A cartoon-style character with a large head and exaggerated facial features stands in the middle of a bustling city street. The character has wild, voluminous orange hair and a disgruntled expression. They are wearing a green t-shirt with a small logo on it, a black backpack, and various bracelets on their wrists. The background shows a busy urban scene with tall buildings, shops with visible signage, and numerous pedestrians walking along the sidewalk.","A cartoon character with wild orange hair and a grumpy expression stands in a busy city street.","A cartoon character with wild hair and a grumpy expression stands in a busy city street."
"img_2.png","A cartoon-style character with a serious expression is depicted in the style of 'Rick and Morty.' The character has long, brown hair and a beard, with pronounced eyebrows and a tired look in their eyes. They are wearing a dark suit jacket with a matching tie, and there is a 'Rick and Morty' logo beneath the character.","A cartoon character with long brown hair, a beard, and a serious expression wearing a suit.","A cartoon character with long hair, a beard, and a serious expression wearing a suit."
"img_3.png","A cute cartoon illustration of a koala and its baby sitting together. The larger koala has big, round ears, a black nose, and a happy expression, while the baby koala is perched on its back, also smiling. Both koalas are depicted in a soft, rounded style with white and gray fur, set against a light blue background.","A cute cartoon koala with a baby koala on its back, both smiling.","A cute cartoon koala with a baby koala on its back, both smiling."
"img_4.png","A cartoon-style koala with a round body and big eyes is clinging to the trunk of a tree. The koala has soft, fluffy fur and large ears with a black nose and a gentle expression. The tree has a few green leaves, and the background is white, making the koala and the tree stand out prominently.","A cartoon koala clinging to a tree trunk.","A cartoon koala clinging to a tree trunk."
"img_5.png","A cartoon character of a young boy with large, expressive eyes and a cheerful smile is pointing upwards with his right index finger. He has short, dark hair and is wearing a blue jacket over an orange shirt, dark shorts, and sneakers. He also has a crossbody bag slung over his shoulder. The background is a light beige color, making the character stand out.","A cartoon boy with short dark hair, pointing upwards with a cheerful expression.","A cartoon boy with short hair, pointing upwards with a cheerful expression."
"img_6.png","A picturesque cartoon landscape featuring a winding dirt path leading through a lush, green countryside. The scene is dotted with tall, leafy trees casting shadows, a wooden fence running alongside the path, and rolling hills in the background. The sky is partly cloudy with a mix of blue and soft yellow tones, creating a serene and inviting atmosphere.","A cartoon landscape with a winding dirt path through a lush countryside.","A cartoon landscape with a winding dirt path through a lush countryside."
"img_7.png","A charming cartoon landscape featuring a serene lake surrounded by gently rolling green hills and mountains in the distance. The scene includes a small wooden cabin near the water, a mix of tall evergreen and deciduous trees, and a clear blue sky with fluffy white clouds. The foreground has a path that splits around a grassy area with rocks and shrubs, leading to the cabin and beyond.","A cartoon landscape with a lake, hills, and a small wooden cabin.","A cartoon landscape with a lake, hills, and a small wooden cabin."
"img_8.png","A cartoon-style depiction of a small urban street scene with several multi-story buildings. The buildings include a coffee shop, a bookstore, and a store with a 'Buy Now' sign. The street is empty, and there is light snowfall, with snow accumulating on the rooftops and sidewalks. The background shows other buildings fading into the distance under a partly cloudy sky.","A cartoon urban street with buildings including a coffee shop and a bookstore, with light snowfall.","A cartoon urban street with buildings including a coffee shop and a bookstore, with light snowfall."
"img_9.png","A cartoon-style character with short, wavy brown hair and glasses is smiling confidently. The character is wearing a white dress shirt with a blue tie and blue suspenders. The background features a clear sky with a few clouds, giving a bright and cheerful atmosphere.","A cartoon character with wavy brown hair, glasses, and a confident smile wearing a white shirt, blue tie, and suspenders.","A cartoon character with wavy hair, glasses, and a confident smile wearing a white shirt, tie, and suspenders."
"img_10.png","A 3D-rendered cartoon character with a stylish, swept-back hairstyle and glasses is standing with arms crossed. The character has a confident expression, with defined facial features and is wearing a black t-shirt. The background is a solid orange color, highlighting the character's presence.","A 3D cartoon character with glasses and a confident expression, standing with arms crossed.","A 3D cartoon character with glasses and a confident expression, standing with arms crossed."
"img_11.png","A minimalist illustration of a person wearing a hijab and modest clothing, taking a selfie with a smartphone. The person is dressed in a long, flowing cardigan over a white top and a pleated skirt. The background is a solid peach color, giving the image a clean and modern look.","A minimalist illustration of a person in a hijab taking a selfie with a smartphone.","A minimalist illustration of a person taking a selfie with a smartphone."
"img_12.png","A cartoon-style illustration of outer space featuring an astronaut, a rocket, and various celestial bodies. The scene includes Earth, the Moon, and other planets, as well as stars scattered across the dark background. The rocket is depicted with a red and white design, and the astronaut is shown in a classic white spacesuit.","A cartoon illustration of outer space with an astronaut and a rocket among celestial bodies.","A cartoon illustration of outer space with an astronaut and a rocket among celestial bodies."
"img_13.png","A cute cartoon girl with long, flowing dark hair wearing a blue dress adorned with small white flowers near the hem. She has a flower crown with green leaves and purple flowers on her head, and her cheeks are rosy. The background is plain white, making the character stand out prominently.","A cute cartoon girl with long dark hair and a blue dress, adorned with a flower crown.","A cute cartoon girl with long hair and a dress, adorned with a flower crown."
